Usage: {progname} command [args...]

Configuration files are stored in $BOXTOOLS_DIR, by default ~/.boxtools

Whenever a command expects a Box Item ID, you can use a special syntax
to lookup an ID encountered in recent ls or search commands:

  =name    Do an exact match on item names
  %name    Do a substring search on item names
  ^name    Do a prefix search on item names
  name$    Do a suffix search on item names and IDs
  /re/     use the ID of the item whose name or ID is matched by the
           case-insensitive regular expression re
  s/n      The double-focus operator! It's the best. Matches an item if
           the name includes s as a substring, and the ID ends with n.
  /p/s     Matches an item if the name includes s as a substring,
           and the parent folder name includes p.

For the =, %, ^, and $ operators, the sigil character can appear either
at the beginning or the end of the name.

If you don't use any special syntax, then if the ID is composed of all
digits, it's treated as a numeric ID; otherwise, it's matched against
known item names case-insensitively.

By appending a '!' to any of the above search terms, you can skip any
prompts to select among matching items, and automatically use the most
recently encountered matching item.

The one-character id '@' refers to the most recent ID successfully used
in the previous command (i.e. "ls 1234 @" won't list folder 1234 twice).
In the above example, the ID referred to by '@' is not changed to 1234;
however, if the command were "ls @ 1234" then '@' would become 1234.

The root folder, aka "All Files", has an ID of '0' or '/'.

The most recently listed (via 'ls') folder has an ID of '.' and its
parent is '..'.

Aliases may be defined via an '@alias = ID' command.  If a typed ID
begins with '@', the rest of the ID word will be checked against these
aliases. '@list' will list all defined aliases. '@list term' will list
only those aliases that contain 'term'; if 'term' begins with a '^' it
anchors the search to the start of the alias name. To delete an alias,
use '@alias = None' or '@alias = ""'. Aliases that begin with '_' or
whose names are all digits will not be persisted to the next session.

When using the 'shell' command, any input line that starts with '!' will
be passed to the system shell after stripping off the '!'.

The 'tree' command has flags for adding encountered files and folders to
the "item stash". The items in the stash may then be referred to by the
ID '@@' in relevant commands (those that accept multiple non-trash IDs).
The 'stash' command lets you manipulate and display the list of stashed
items.  You can also display the contents of the stash by using '@@' as
a command.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BOXTOOLS_APP_DIR = {app_dir}
  BOXTOOLS_DIR     = {config_dir}
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commands:
    auth          Obtain auth tokens via OAuth2
    refresh       Refresh existing auth tokens
    token         Print access token to stdout

    userinfo      Print authorized user info
    history,hist  Show previous ID history

    ls, list      List contents of a folder
    fd, search    Search for items
    tree          Display a tree of items and add to stash

    get           Download files or thumbnails
    repr          Get represenation information
    put           Upload a file
    cat           Write the contents of files or web-links to stdout
    mkdir         Create a new folder
    rm, del       Remove files or folders
    mv, move      Move files or folders
    cp, copy      Copy files or folders
    rn, rename    Rename a file or folder

    ln, link      Get links for files or folders
    readlink      Get the item referred to by a shared link
    path          Get full path of files or folders
    stat          Get info about the item referred to by a shared link
    desc          Print or update the description of a file or folder
    trash         List, view, restore, or purge items in the trash.
    ver, version  List, download, and manipulate file versions
    unspace       Rename items to remove spaces and other odd chars
    stash         Manipulate the item stash

    shell         Enter an interactive shell
    source        Read commands from a given file

Use "{progname} [command] --help" for more information about a command.
